Update core-development.md (#303)
eth-protocol-fellows/protocol-studies: docs/wiki/dev/core-development.md

Although different teams come from different organization, they all work together and collaborate on improving the whole network. Progress is achieved through discussions in public channels, mainly carried out in weekly meetings. These [calls](https://www.youtube.com/@EthereumProtocol/featured) are public and tracked in the [project management repo](https://github.com/ethereum/pm), including ACD - Execution and Consensus Layer calls, various "Breakout Room" and working group calls. Outside of calls, discussions are held in the [Ethereum R&D Discord channel](https://discord.com/invite/qGpsxSA), [Eth Magicians forum](https://ethereum-magicians.org/) and [EthResearch forum](https://ethresear.ch/).

> Despite teams working in different parts of the world and mostly working asynchronously, they do come together for in person events throughout the year such as [Devcon](https://devcon.org/en/), [interop](https://blog.ethereum.org/2024/05/22/nyota-interop-recap), or other workshops such as the [Summer of Protocols](https://summerofprotocols.com/protocol-week). These in person events are the perfect opportunity to get a lot done and catch up with one another!  

Reviewer: SoP is not really core dev oriented 

```suggestion
Despite teams working in different parts of the world and mostly working asynchronously, they do come together for in person events throughout the year such as [Devcon](https://devcon.org/en/), [interop](https://blog.ethereum.org/2024/05/22/nyota-interop-recap), or other [Ethereum conferences](https://ethereum.org/en/community/events/). These in person events are the perfect opportunity to get a lot done and catch up with one another!  
```

# Appendix

[A Day in the Life of a Dev: Ethereum’s Justin Florentine](https://www.coindesk.com/consensus-magazine/2023/02/22/a-day-in-the-life-of-a-dev-ethereums-justin-florentine/)

[The Evolution of Prysm with Preston Van Loon](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lvlit-nIRfM&ab_channel=OverAbstraction)

> [Upgrading Ethereum - A technical handbook on Ethereum’s move to proof of stake and beyond](https://eth2book.info/)

Reviewer: This is CL annotated spec and should be just linked there but some other resources would be nice
